# [UW FISH 572](https://github.com/afsc-gap-products/UW-FISH572) <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/91760178?s=96&amp;v=4" alt="Logo." align="right" width="139" height="139"/>

*This code is primarally maintained by:* 

**Emily Markowitz** (Emily.Markowitz AT noaa.gov;
[@EmilyMarkowitz-NOAA](https://github.com/EmilyMarkowitz-NOAA))

Alaska Fisheries Science Center,

National Marine Fisheries Service,

National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration,

Seattle, WA 98195

# Suggestions and Comments

If you see that the data, product, or metadata can be improved, you are
invited to create a [pull
request](https://github.com/afsc-gap-products/gap_products/pulls),
[submit an issue to the GitHub
organization](https://github.com/afsc-gap-products/data-requests/issues),
or [submit an issue to the code’s
repository](https://github.com/afsc-gap-products/gap_products/issues).

## Run notes

The user will need to install [miktex](https://miktex.org/) and run this book.
The user may need to install and use renv so this package will work with github actions.

# NOAA quarto book with R and download PDF or docx

This is a template for [a simple Quarto book](https://nmfs-opensci.github.io/NOAA-quarto-book/) (`type: book`). It has download links (under the logo) for PDF or docx download.

The repo includes a GitHub Action that will build the book (html, PDF, and docx) automatically when you make changes to the files. The webpage will use the `gh-pages` branch. Serving the website files from this branch is a common way to keep all the website files from cluttering your main branch. 

## NOAA README

This repository is a scientific product and is not official
communication of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, or
the United States Department of Commerce. All NOAA GitHub project code
is provided on an ‘as is’ basis and the user assumes responsibility for
its use. Any claims against the Department of Commerce or Department of
Commerce bureaus stemming from the use of this GitHub project will be
governed by all applicable Federal law. Any reference to specific
commercial products, processes, or services by service mark, trademark,
manufacturer, or otherwise, does not constitute or imply their
endorsement, recommendation or favoring by the Department of Commerce.
The Department of Commerce seal and logo, or the seal and logo of a DOC
bureau, shall not be used in any manner to imply endorsement of any
commercial product or activity by DOC or the United States Government.

## NOAA License

Software code created by U.S. Government employees is not subject to
copyright in the United States (17 U.S.C. §105). The United
States/Department of Commerce reserve all rights to seek and obtain
copyright protection in countries other than the United States for
Software authored in its entirety by the Department of Commerce. To this
end, the Department of Commerce hereby grants to Recipient a
royalty-free, nonexclusive license to use, copy, and create derivative
works of the Software outside of the United States.

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nmfs-general-modeling-tools/nmfspalette/main/man/figures/noaa-fisheries-rgb-2line-horizontal-small.png" alt="NOAA Fisheries" height="75"/>

[U.S. Department of Commerce](https://www.commerce.gov/) \| [National
Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration](https://www.noaa.gov) \|
[NOAA Fisheries](https://www.fisheries.noaa.gov/)

